I am welcome everybody to Latif's
inspired today I am going to be doing
the humble onion bhaji it's one of the
British Indian restaurant favorites the
person who does the onion bhajis is
always more do I have to do another
batch after do another batch because
it's a very popular dish right I've kept
the ingredients nice and simple but I'm
hoping you're gonna try this at home and
also follow it to how I'm going to show
you and you'll have hopefully the best
onion bhajis at home and I would like to
thank everybody who's been supporting me
and I think I'm going to smash this
50,000 and I want to get a hundred
thousand now so hopefully this onion
bhajis gonna go viral somehow and yeah
but I don't really care I just want to
say thank you very much for all those
people who's been supporting me those
kind words on those comment sections so
to cut the onion just cut it in half and
what we do is we cut it this way so it's
half at this earth not too thin and
definitely not too thick there you go
that's one onion the green pepper
the tato so basically you want sort of
matchstick chips kind of
voila these are the potatoes nice very
thin green chilies these are for flavor
so if you if you're making it for the
young kids you can probably keep this
out but it's a beautiful flavor as thin
as possible
the green chillies coriander
these are the red split lentils so not
the ward to remember so this is about
two tablespoons this just with fries and
it just gives it a nice crunchy
consistency as well a butte as well as a
beautiful taste you know our garlic and
ginger as you can see this is a what you
know heat tablespoon so more beautiful
flavors but teaspoon of the fenugreek
seed two teaspoons of curry powder and a
half a teaspoon of turmeric powder now
I'm gonna give this a mix and then I'm
going to give the mix with the eggs and
gram flour so I'm gonna keep this a mix
and mixer again because I want the
spices to and all the onions to get all
the mix of the spice and the flavors to
go in I'm actually going to add two more
teaspoons heat teaspoons of curry powder
because I believe it's not gonna be
spiced you know on the plate so that's
four teaspoons of mixed curry powder all
the onions have been mixed properly now
I'm going to add another teaspoon of the
fenugreek seed obviously I make a big
plastic batch guys so I haven't been
liking a little batch so I sort of go by
eye coordination but I think that's
about it so those two teaspoons of the
fenugreek
seeds you need the fenugreek seeds in
every bite to be honest with you to get
that beautiful flavor of that specific
spice like an anise Edie kind of flavor
there you go so mix this is taking me
about five minutes just mixing coating
all the onions and all the ingredients
the potato the green pepper the green
Chili's the coriander garlic ginger the
red split lentil there you go so that's
been mixed now two eggs
feeling gonna need to add another 2x to
be honest with you so that was two eggs
going in I've just cracked open another
two yeah this feels a bit better just
break in the onions down a bit as well
sometimes if you make the onions too
thin it's just not nice so when it's got
when it's slightly bit bigger it's got
that roasted sort of flavor and the
onion is beautiful when when you when
you just have fried onions it's a
fantastic taste so that's that's kind of
what it is right so I've mixed this all
up I've added four eggs on to this all
the onions are coated beautifully now
I'm going to add the salt I'm adding
this last minute because when you add
the salt the onions release liquid and
you don't want that soggy onions kind of
thing so the salt is going to go in and
then the gram flour which is going to
just bind everything together and then
I'm gonna whack them in the oil so
there's a teaspoon you could add a bit
more but I think the teaspoon is about
just right because obviously when you
have this you're gonna have this with
condiments mint sauce Mitra heater a
mango Chinese whatever you like
mayonnaise whatever you fancy so the
condom has got lots of flavors and you
don't want the onion parties to be salty
this is a cup of
gram flour clearly not enough
there's two cops obviously the one the
chef's dude is the eyeball it and
obviously I'm trying my utmost to make
it user my recipe user-friendly for you
guys at home I want it to be sort of
that sticky consistency which I feel I'm
getting if I need to add a bit more
ground flour I will do and I'll also let
you know I think that's mixed perfectly
well I just need to heat up my oil and
put them in
and you're gonna take my glove off and
this make it easier for me because I'm
gonna need a bit of water and I'll show
you a different technique right normally
I'll do it on the big fryer but I'm
doing this on a sort of walk style kurai
pan for you guys to follow at home so
obviously you need nice hollow sort of
pan to hold on vegetable oil missus and
get some water because we need a bit of
water when you make it beyond your
bodies
right so I'm gonna test the oil the oil
can't be too hot because then you just
have crispy hold on the outside and
soggy in the inside so it's not very
wise so there you go my hand oh wait
gonna need both answers make sure
they're nice and clean the technique to
the onion bhajis you just need it to
just become a circle don't squash it if
you squash it then the inside is gonna
be soggy and you do not want that so I
think I've reduced the oil down cuz it
seems a bit of hot go in remember this
technique guys
don't squash down your body
just make it round not too big not too
small just bigger than a golf ball
I'll put the cast on guys on a low
watch my hands I'm gonna try when I
check these beautifully off bad boys
yeah beautiful
yeah that's what I'm talking about nice
beautiful round balls obviously this has
gotten before and the water and oil was
really hot which isn't good and the
outside has a sort of crisp quite quick
and I want it to crisp the con crisp
slowly and in a sort of low medium low
gas it should take about what I'll tell
you exactly how long it takes it takes
about five eight minutes for you to get
cooked and what we do is we have cook it
so we cook it just okay and when the
customer is ready to order we work it
back in the fryer nice and crispy it's
always like a double cooked for you guys
the customers so that's the secret guys
but you can you can cook it from start
to finish to your consistency that you
want it that's I do but I'm in the
restaurant we have to sort of double fry
it like you do with the triple cook
chips similar to that really so to get a
nice and crunchy so that's since this is
PIR British India ritual style cooking
that's what I'm gonna do for my
beautiful viewers there you go I'm not
gonna mess around with it too much I
think I've done a cracking job it's
enough that it's not placed baited bit
but basically splitting away it's just
about holding and that's what I want
because they're inside the oil it'll
penetrate inside so I'm not gonna have
soggy on your body that's probably the
worst onion bhajis that you can make
right it's been about three four minutes
and these are looking beautiful
look at them crisp it away lovely now
you must keep on turning these every few
minutes so it cooks evenly
once this all of them are golden and I'm
gonna take it out what you can do you
can increase the gas slightly was a
medium load now it's about medium and
you speed about four or five minutes so
it needs another four five minutes and
it will be done right speed about 10
minutes and the nice and golden so I'm
gonna rip take these are now
beautiful onion bhajis absolutely
gorgeous
[Music]
right guys thank you very much for the
people who are still tuned in and I hope
you've enjoyed how I've made the Union
Boujis is how we do it in the British
Indian restaurant style so actually
there you go this nice and crispy
now it's very nice obviously some mint
sauce mango chutney would go wonderful
now I hope you've enjoyed it and if you
like what you've seen don't forget to
Like share and subscribe and thank you
very much and I think I'm gonna smash
this 50 thousand and we on to our way to
100,000 thank you very much
don't forget press that Bell button as
well thank you very much